Former president of the San Gabriel Valley Optometric Association.
I am a user of the CRT lenses and it's tough to find an optometry office that knows them well.
I actually had no idea what an ortho-k lens was, but it turns out it’s just a different name for the CRT lenses.
The staff seems well trained and all are very attentive and quick to answer questions or call for help from other members.
Dr. Woo is thoughtful, knowledgeable, and doesn't mind explaining what he's doing and why.
He also has a good sense of humor and bedside manner.
Dr. Woo is extremely attentive, professional, patient, and knowledgeable.
Elaine is a super sweet and capable woman.
I remember on many occasions where Elaine will go out of her way to make sure my needs are met and help me follow up with Dr. Woo.
The staff is always happy to help and friendly (even during peak hours).
It is really a good clinic with such a nice clean environment and excellent customer service.
Never knew much about Ortho-k until my daughter needed glasses.
I did some research and found Dr. Paul Woo.
We talked over the phone and he was such a professional.
He thoroughly explained the technology to me and was very patient while understanding our needs.
After several discussions we decided to visit the office and have a consultation meeting.
There was no pressure throughout the process and experience with all the staff was very pleasant.
Now I've graduated from college and am working full time in Seattle and I still come back for Dr. Woo's appointments!
The ortho-k lenses have always been really important to me because it's made my life so much easier!
I don't have to struggle to see presentations in class and at work, and I'm never freaking out about misplacing my glasses!
I highly recommend you stop by here and give Dr. Woo a shot!
He's very easy to work with and you won't regret it!
Came here for the Ortho-K lens treatment.
Just finished up the program and things are good with the lenses.
The staff was helpful in explaining how to care for the lenses.
Dr. Woo is friendly and caring.
I've had a great experience here and would recommend getting ortho-k lenses from here.
Dr. Woo has been my optometrist for half a decade, and I've only ever had positive experiences!
I used to get new glasses here every year before switching to contact lenses, and they always have tons of pretty frames in lots of styles and colors.
Not to mention the nose rests actually fit Asian faces (if you've ever had sunglasses slide down your face all day, you know how non-negotiable this is!) Everyone here is always very friendly and professional when I come in, and all my appointments have been super smooth and efficient.
Plus, the whole staff speaks various dialects of Chinese in addition to English.
My eyesight kept getting worse as a teen, so Dr. Woo recommended trying gas permeable contacts, since they can actually help preserve your vision.
Coming from a family with hereditary eye degenerative disorder, Dr. Woo was a blessing!
Dr. Woo takes great care of your eyes and he is always open to questions.
He won't sugarcoat anything; he always tells the TRUTH.
My family has been there for two generations now and I am sure that I will take my kids there in the future.
Go to Dr. Woo and I'm sure you won't regret it!
Dr. Woo, Elaine and their staff were very efficient in getting my son his Ortho-K correction lens.
I was referred by a friend and also looked online, just like you are doing now, and made a decision to make an appointment to visit their facility in Alhambra.
We were there for an hour for the initial analysis and in a couple days we had the actual lens.
I was astonished by the results.
Since then, I have introduced several other friends to visit their office and all returned with spectacular results.
I highly recommend Dr. Woo, Elaine and all their friendly staff.
I started seeing Dr. Woo over a year ago.
My previous doctor's practice switched hands several times since I started with them, and I was frustrated with having to meet a new doctor every year or so.
I switched from CRT lenses to Ortho-K.
The transition was seamless, and I prefer the Ortho-K lenses because they corrected my astigmatism.
My eyesight has not degraded since I started Ortho-K.
This place has helped my family a lot.
I have never regretted coming here, this clinic has great service, very friendly and welcoming people.
They all try their hardest to make sure you have a great experience.
This place is AMAZING!
Earlier this year, I had LASIK surgery at a famous refractive surgery practice on Wilshire Blvd. However, the surgery failed, and I was left with worse vision plus horrible astigmatism.
I literally had double vision and had to wear glasses to see clear again.
The eye surgeon recommended a second surgery to re-adjust my vision, but I have lost all confidence in the surgeon.
I decided to go see Dr. Woo, because both of my kids have had great success with his treatments.
After a month of Ortho-K, my vision is much improved and now I am able to see well without glasses.
I strongly suggest people to see Dr. Woo for at least a consultation before deciding to go for vision refractive surgery or if you have had failed vision correction surgery or refractive surgery and want good vision, this is where you want to spend your money.
Ortho-K works great and helps stabilize my child's vision.
She sees very well at the school classroom and driving as well.
Thank you, Dr Paul Woo.
I have already been to quite a few eye care places in China, and my family is disappointed because after all the treatments.
I took my glasses off and saw the world just fine after barely a month.
The doctors are super nice, and they always give you very helpful advice.
Again, I highly recommend this amazing place!
Decided to try out Ortho-K since my laboratory work prohibits the use of day wear contact lenses.
I was welcomed by a very friendly and efficient staff who whisked me through a series of screening tests to ensure I was a suitable candidate, which I was.
This obviously has exceeded my expectations.
Additionally, my eyes no longer suffer from dryness that I experienced from contact lenses.
Naturally, using overnight contact lenses is not for everyone but if the routine can fit your schedule and lifestyle, the results are wonderful.
Thank you, Dr. Woo and team.
Dr. Woo then explained the technology and treatment, answering all the questions I had and outlining the steps and expected results.
I was fitted with lenses that day and found them surprisingly comfortable, relative to the reviews I had read online; Dr Woo ordered a set for me which I picked up the following week.
The price of the therapy was very competitive and the number of patients they have treated gives them experience that few others can match.
They are knowledgeable, professional, and all-around kind and caring individuals.
I was introduced to Ortho-K lens a few years ago, and absolutely fall in love with it.
Before that, I thought I was going to be stuck with contact lenses that dries my eyes out in the morning, and unflattering glasses that would create steams that blocks my vision, which demolish my relationship with noodles.
Now that I have the Ortho-K lens, I can see better than ever.
Recently, I even went back to get a new pair of glasses for my personal reason, I was surprised to find out that my vision had improved so much!
I am truly grateful that I was introduced to the Ortho-K lens.
The transition was seamless and I prefer the Ortho-K lenses because they corrected my astigmatism.
The staff is friendly and Dr. Woo answers all my questions.
I feel comfortable making an appointment whenever I have eye issues, and they are happy to accommodate my schedule.
The wait is short even on Saturday, and the staff is efficient so I don't waste a lot of time waiting to see a doctor.
It has improved my condition drastically!
